Updates for the 2024-09-09 releases of the server and mc (#1331)
minio/docs: source/reference/minio-mc/mc-idp-ldap-accesskey-edit.rst

.. _minio-mc-idp-ldap-accesskey-edit:

==============================
``mc idp ldap accesskey edit``
==============================

.. default-domain:: minio

.. contents:: Table of Contents
   :local:
   :depth: 2

.. mc:: mc idp ldap accesskey edit

Description
-----------

.. start-mc-idp-ldap-accesskey-edit-desc

> :mc:`mc idp ldap accesskey edit` modifies the specified access key on the local server.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
:mc:`mc idp ldap accesskey edit` modifies the specified access key on the MinIO deployment.
```

Reviewer: same comment w.r.t. linking to access keys and noting this only works on ad/ldap user access keys

Author: 👍
